Blog post for 17 Dec governance mtg (#482)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/blob/master/posts/inside-rust/2019-12-17-governance-wg-meeting.md

layout: post
title: "Governance Working Group Update: Meeting 17 December 2019"
author: Val Grimm
team: The Governance WG <https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance>

Hello everyone! 

> On Tuesday 17 December the working group met and built an outline of an RFC to introduce project groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Tuesday 17 December the working group met and built an outline of an RFC to introduce project groups. If you would like to watch, a recording is available on [YouTube].
```

## Project groups

> You can see the detailed minutes at the link above, but here is a quick summary of what we would like to do with the RFC: 

Reviewer: we should make a link to the minutes
```suggestion
You can see the [detailed minutes] on the [wg-governance] repository, but here is a quick summary of what we would like to do with the RFC: 
```

* Introduce the project group concept, creation workflow, and lifecycle
* Provide guidance for how project groups use RFCs

Goals served by introducing project groups include improved visibility into and follow-through on projects,
as well as supporting better documentation of the design process.

## Next meeting

> Our next meeting will be Jan 14. The topic is to be determined, but it is planned to discuss that on January 7th informally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our next meeting will be Jan 14. The topic is to be determined, but it is planned to discuss that on January 7th on the Rust Discord in the `#wg-governance` channel.
```

[wg-governance]: https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/
[detailed minutes]: https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/blob/master/minutes/2019.12.17.md

> [`rust-dev-tools`]: https://github.com/rust-dev-tools/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [`youtube`]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6us8yhDDUU&feature=youtu.be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[YouTube]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6us8yhDDUU&feature=youtu.be
```
